docs 1.7 release: add mock data component (#10288)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Components/components-data.mdx

| silent_errors      | BoolInput        | Input parameter. If `true`, errors don't raise an exception.         |
| use_multithreading | BoolInput        | Input parameter. If `true`, multithreading is used.                   |

## Mock Data

The **Mock Data** component generates [Message (text)](/data-types#message), [Data (JSON)](/data-types#data), or [DataFrame (tabular)](/data-types#dataframe) sample data for testing and development.

### Mock Data parameters

<PartialParams />

| Name | Display Name | Info |
|------|--------------|------|
| dataframe_output | Result | Output parameter. A [DataFrame](/data-types#dataframe) with 50 mock records, including columns such as `customer_id`, `first_name`, and `last_name`. |
| data_output | Result | Output parameter. A [Data](/data-types#data) object containing a JSON structure with one sample record under `records` and a `summary` section. |

> | message_output | Result | Output parameter. A [Message](/data-types#message) object with Lorem Ipsum sample text. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Mock Data** component generates sample data for testing and development.
You can select these output types:

* `message_output`: A [Message (text)](/data-types#message) output with Lorem Ipsum sample text.
* `data_output`: A [Data (JSON)](/data-types#data) object containing a JSON structure with one sample record under `records` and a `summary` section.
* `dataframe_output`: A [DataFrame (tabular)](/data-types#dataframe) with 50 mock records, including columns such as `customer_id`, `first_name`, and `last_name`. 
```

Since this only produces output, I would simplify it down.
